feat(Builders): add builders page to popular-topics (#766)
discordjs/guide: guide/popular-topics/builders.md

```js
const { inlineCode, codeBlock } = require('@discordjs/builders');
const jsString = 'const value = true;';

const inline = inlineCode(jsString);
const codeblock = codeBlock(jsString);
const highlighted = codeBlock('js', jsString);
```

### Timestamps

With `time()` you can format UNIX timestamps and dates into a Discord timestring.

```js
const { time } = require('@discordjs/builders');
const date = new Date();

const timeString = time(date);
const relative = time(date, 'R');
```

### Mentions

The Formatters also contain various methods to format Snowflakes into mentions.

```js
const { userMention, memberMention, channelMention, roleMention } = require('@discordjs/builders');
const id = '123456789012345678';

const user = userMention(id);
const nickname = memberMention(id);
const channel = channelMention(id);
const role = roleMention(id);
```

## Slash command builders

The slash command builder is a utility class to build slash commands without having to manually construct objects.

### Commands

Here's a simple slash command using the builder. You can collect your commands data and use it to register slash commands.

```js

> const command = new SlashCommandBuilder().setName('ping').setDescription('Replies with Pong!');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const { SlashCommandBuilder } = require('@discordjs/builders');

const command = new SlashCommandBuilder().setName('ping').setDescription('Replies with Pong!');
```
Whoops, didn't mean to remove this 😅

# Builders

> discord.js provides a `builders` package which contains a variety of utilities you can use when writing your Discord bot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
discord.js provides a [`builders` package](https://github.com/discordjs/builders) which contains a variety of utilities you can use when writing your Discord bot.
```

To install the package, run `npm install @discordjs/builders` in your terminal.

## Formatters

> Formatters are a set of utility functions which format input strings into the given format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Formatters are a set of utility functions that format input strings into the given format.
```

### Basic Markdown

The Formatters provide functions to format strings into all the different Markdown styles supported by Discord.

```js
const { bold, italic, strikethrough, underscore, spoiler, quote, blockQuote } = require('@discordjs/builders');
const string = 'Hello!';

const boldString = bold(string);
const italicString = italic(string);
const strikethroughString = strikethrough(string);
const underscoreString = underscore(string);
const spoilerString = spoiler(string);
const quoteString = quote(string);

> const blockquoteString = blockQuote(string);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
const blockQuoteString = blockQuote(string);
```

Reviewer: Blockquote is one word

Reviewer 3: Oh, so is this a naming error in the builders package?

```

### Links

There are also two methods to format hyperlinks. `hyperlink()` will format the URL into a masked markdown link, and `hideLinkEmbed()` will wrap the URL in `<>`, preventing it from embedding.

```js
const { hyperlink, hideLinkEmbed } = require('@discordjs/builders');
const url = 'https://discord.js.org/';

const link = hyperlink(url);
const hiddenEmbed = hideLinkEmbed(url);
```

> ### Codeblocks

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Code blocks
```

> You can use `inlineCode()` and `codeBlock()` to turn a string into an inline codeblock or a regular codeblock with or without syntax highlighting.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use `inlineCode()` and `codeBlock()` to turn a string into an inline code block or a regular code block with or without syntax highlighting.
```

```js
const { inlineCode, codeBlock } = require('@discordjs/builders');
const jsString = 'const value = true;';

const inline = inlineCode(jsString);

> const codeblock = codeBlock(jsString);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
const codeBlock = codeBlock(jsString);
```

Reviewer: `codeblock` cannot be `codeBlock` here because that's the name of the function imported from the builders package

Reviewer 3: 🤔 so should it be left as `codeblock` or `codeBlockString` or smthn (might have to append the others with `String` too in that case for consistency)

const highlighted = codeBlock('js', jsString);
```

### Timestamps

> With `time()` you can format UNIX timestamps and dates into a Discord timestring.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With `time()`, you can format UNIX timestamps and dates into a Discord time string.
```

```js
const { time } = require('@discordjs/builders');
const date = new Date();

const timeString = time(date);
const relative = time(date, 'R');
```

### Mentions

The Formatters also contain various methods to format Snowflakes into mentions.

```js
const { userMention, memberMention, channelMention, roleMention } = require('@discordjs/builders');
const id = '123456789012345678';

const user = userMention(id);
const nickname = memberMention(id);
const channel = channelMention(id);
const role = roleMention(id);
```

## Slash command builders

> The slash command builder is a utility class to build slash commands without having to manually construct objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The slash command builder is a utility class to build slash commands without having to construct objects manually.
```

# Builders

> Discord.js provides a `builders` package which contains a variety of utilities you can use when writing your Discord bot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
discord.js provides a `builders` package which contains a variety of utilities you can use when writing your Discord bot.
```

> Discord.js provides a `builders` package which contains a variety of builders and utilities you can use when writing your Discord bot.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Discord.js provides a `builders` package which contains a variety of utilities you can use when writing your Discord bot.
```

> To install the package run `npm install @discordjs/builders` in your terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the package, run `npm install @discordjs/builders` in your terminal.
```

## Formatters

Formatters are a set of utility functions which format input strings into the given format.

### Basic Markdown

The Formatters provide functions to format strings into all the different Markdown styles supported by Discord.

```js
const { Formatters } = require('@discordjs/builders');
const string = 'Hello!';

const bold = Formatters.bold(string);
const italic = Formatters.italic(string);
const strikethrough = Formatters.strikethrough(string);
const spoiler = Formatters.spoiler(string);
const quote = Formatters.quote(string);
const blockquote = Formatters.blockQuote(string);

> const underscore = Formatters.underscore(string);

Reviewer 4: There is no `Formatters` class, you need to export each function you'd like to use individually ([eg](https://github.com/discordjs/builders/blob/main/tests/messages.test.ts#L1-L20))

> const { bold, italic, strikethrough, spoiler, quote, blockQuote, underscore } = require('@discordjs/builders');
> const string = 'Hello!';
> 
> const boldString = bold(string);
> const italicString = italic(string);
> const strikethroughString = strikethrough(string);
> const spoilerString = spoiler(string);
> const quoteString = quote(string);
> const blockquoteString = blockQuote(string);
> const underscoreString = underscore(string);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const { bold, italic, strikethrough, underscore, spoiler, quote, blockQuote } = require('@discordjs/builders');
const string = 'Hello!';

const boldString = bold(string);
const italicString = italic(string);
const strikethroughString = strikethrough(string);
const underscoreString = underscore(string);
const spoilerString = spoiler(string);
const quoteString = quote(string);
const blockquoteString = blockQuote(string);
```

```

### Links

> There are also two methods to format hyperlinks. `hyperlink()` will format the URL into a masked markdown link and `hideLinkEmbed()` will wrap the URL in `<>`, preventing it from embedding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are also two methods to format hyperlinks. `hyperlink()` will format the URL into a masked markdown link, and `hideLinkEmbed()` will wrap the URL in `<>`, preventing it from embedding.
```

> There's also two method to format hypelinks. `Formatters#hyperlink()` will format the url into a masked markdown link and `Formatters#hideLinkEmbed()` will wrap the URL in `<>`, preventing it from embedding.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There are also two methods to format hyperlinks. `Formatters#hyperlink()` will format the URL into a masked markdown link and `Formatters#hideLinkEmbed()` will wrap the URL in `<>`, preventing it from embedding.
```

> ```js {2,4-5}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```
A few of these snippets don't really need highlights, since they're placed under a section with a sentence above explaining each one

> const { Formatters } = require('@discordjs/builders');

Reviewer 4: There is no `Formatters` class, you need to export each function you'd like to use individually ([eg](https://github.com/discordjs/builders/blob/main/tests/messages.test.ts#L1-L20))

Author: oops mb, djs exports formatters to util, should've checked the exports here

const url = 'https://discord.js.org/';

const link = hyperlink(url);

> const hiddenembed = hideLinkEmbed(url);

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
const hiddenEmbed = hideLinkEmbed(url);
```

```

### Codeblocks

You can use `inlineCode()` and `codeBlock()` to turn a string into an inline codeblock or a regular codeblock with or without syntax highlighting.

> ```js {2,4-6}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```

> const { Formatters } = require('@discordjs/builders');

Reviewer 4: There is no `Formatters` class, you need to export each function you'd like to use individually ([eg](https://github.com/discordjs/builders/blob/main/tests/messages.test.ts#L1-L20))

> const jsstring = 'const value = true;';
> 
> const inline = inlineCode(jsstring);
> const codeblock = codeBlock(jsstring);
> const highlighted = codeBlock('js', jsstring);

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
const jsString = 'const value = true;';

const inline = inlineCode(jsString);
const codeblock = codeBlock(jsString);
const highlighted = codeBlock('js', jsString);
```

```

### Timestamps

With `time()` you can format UNIX timestamps and dates into a Discord timestring.

> ```js {2,4-5}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```

> const { Formatters } = require('@discordjs/builders');

Reviewer 4: There is no `Formatters` class, you need to export each function you'd like to use individually ([eg](https://github.com/discordjs/builders/blob/main/tests/messages.test.ts#L1-L20))

const date = new Date();

const time = Formatters.time(date);
const relative = Formatters.time(date, 'R');
```

### Mentions

> The Formatters also contain various methods to fromat Snowflakes into mentions.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
The Formatters also contain various methods to format Snowflakes into mentions.
```

> ```js {2,4-7}
> const { userMention, membermention, channelMention, roleMention } = require('@discordjs/builders');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
const { userMention, memberMention, channelMention, roleMention } = require('@discordjs/builders');
```

> const { Formatters } = require('@discordjs/builders');

Reviewer 4: There is no `Formatters` class, you need to export each function you'd like to use individually ([eg](https://github.com/discordjs/builders/blob/main/tests/messages.test.ts#L1-L20))

const id = '123456789012345678';

const user = userMention(id);
const nickname = memberMention(id);
const channel = channelMention(id);
const role = roleMention(id);
```

## Slash command builders

> The slash command builder is a utility class to quickly build slash commands without having to manually construct objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The slash command builder is a utility class to build slash commands without having to manually construct objects.
```

> The slash command builders are a set of utility methods to quickly build slash commands without having to manually construct objects.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The slash command builder is a utility class to quickly build slash commands without having to manually construct objects.
```

### Commands

> First we'll build a simple slash command using the builder and save the raw data to a variable, which can then later be used to send the data to the Discord API.
> 
> ```js
> const { SlashCommandBuilder } = require('@discordjs/builders');
> 
> // Create a slash command builder
> const command = new SlashCommandBuilder().setName('ping').setDescription('Replies with Pong!');
> 
> // Get the raw data that can be sent to Discord
> const rawData = command.toJSON();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a simple slash command using the builder. You can collect your commands data and use it to register slash commands.

```js
const command = new SlashCommandBuilder().setName('ping').setDescription('Replies with Pong!');

// Raw data that can be used to register a slash command
const rawData = command.toJSON();
```

```

### Options

> This is a command with a user option.

Reviewer 6: Possibly expand on this more, for example

`To add options into the command, you can use the respective addOption function. Some examples of these functions are the 'addUserOption', 'addIntegerOption' and the 'addStringOption'`

Here is an example of a command with a user option.

Author: same as below

> ```js {4-6}
> const { SlashCommandBuilder } = require('@discordjs/builders');
> 
> const command = new SlashCommandBuilder()
> 	.setName('info')
> 	.setDescription('Get info about a user!')
> 	.addUserOption(option => option.setName('user').setDescription('The user'));
> 
> const rawData = command.toJSON();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js {4}
const command = new SlashCommandBuilder()
	.setName('info')
	.setDescription('Get info about a user!')
	.addUserOption(option => option.setName('user').setDescription('The user'));
```

```

### Subcommands

> And this is a command containing two subcommands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a command containing two subcommands.
```

> And this is a command containing two subcommands.

Reviewer 6: Same as above, maybe expand on this, something along the lines of

`To create subcommands, you can use the 'addSubCommand' function. You can see below an example of a Subcommand with options.

Author: That feels quite run on, I explicitly kept it minimal inline to the example within the builders repo

```js {6-14}
const { SlashCommandBuilder } = require('@discordjs/builders');

const command = new SlashCommandBuilder()
	.setName('info')
	.setDescription('Get info about a user or a server!')

> 	.addSubCommand(subCommand =>
> 		subCommand

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	.addSubcommand(subcommand =>
		subcommand
```
Recent release (v0.4.0) implements https://github.com/discordjs/builders/pull/18

			.setName('user')
			.setDescription('Info about a user')
			.addUserOption(option => option.setName('target').setDescription('The user')))

> 	.addSubCommand(subCommand =>
> 		subCommand

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	.addSubcommand(subcommand =>
		subcommand
```
ditto

> ```js {6-14}
> const { SlashCommandBuilder } = require('@discordjs/builders');
> 
> const command = new SlashCommandBuilder()
> 	.setName('info')
> 	.setDescription('Get info about a user or a server!')
> 	.addSubcommand(subcommand =>
> 		subcommand
> 			.setName('user')
> 			.setDescription('Info about a user')
> 			.addUserOption(option => option.setName('target').setDescription('The user')))
> 	.addSubcommand(subcommand =>
> 		subcommand
> 			.setName('server')
> 			.setDescription('Info about the server'));
> 
> const rawData = command.toJSON();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js {4-12}
const command = new SlashCommandBuilder()
	.setName('info')
	.setDescription('Get info about a user or a server!')
	.addSubcommand(subcommand =>
		subcommand
			.setName('user')
			.setDescription('Info about a user')
			.addUserOption(option => option.setName('target').setDescription('The user')))
	.addSubcommand(subcommand =>
		subcommand
			.setName('server')
			.setDescription('Info about the server'));
```
